seeds : update the seed overview page (#590)
ubuntu/ubuntu-project-docs: docs/staging/release-team/seeds.md

: {ref}`seed-management`
```

A seed is a plain-text file that defines a curated set of packages using a small, specialized syntax.
Seeds are used to describe which packages should be included in the support

> package set represented by the [main component](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/project/how-ubuntu-is-made/concepts/package-archive/#main)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
package set represented by the {ref}`main component <archive-components-main>`
```

(seeds-supported)=
### Supported

> The supported seeds allow to include packages into main while not including

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supported seeds allow the inclusion of packages into main while not including
```

it in any media (ISOs), images or installation (via meta packages). This list
is all the extra packages we think need to be supported in our distro.

Additional packages can be added to this list, but they need to complete a
{ref}`Main Inclusion Review <main-inclusion-review>` process and have an
owning team.

> The supported set is categorized into different sets, usually prefixed with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supported set is categorized into different subsets, usually prefixed with
```

"supported":

supported-server
: Additional packages that are considered part of the supported server package set,
  but are not necessarily part of the default installed image.

supported-desktop
: Additional packages that are considered part of the supported desktop package set,
  but are not necessarily part of the default installed image.

supported-common

> : Server and Desktop packages defined in supported-server and supported-desktop

Reviewer: This wording implies that **all** packages contained in supported-server and supported-desktop are included. The previous definitions of "common" implied that it's only the subset of packages contained in both server and desktop. Which one of these is correct?

## Maintenance period

A binary package being in `main` implies that the
[owning team](http://reports.qa.ubuntu.com/m-r-package-team-mapping.html)
commits to maintain the source package. Furthermore, the Ubuntu security team
provides security coverage.

> This coverage is further extended by [Ubuntu Pro](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/project/how-ubuntu-is-made/concepts/glossary/#term-Ubuntu-Pro),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This coverage is further extended by [Ubuntu Pro](https://ubuntu.com/pro),
```
